## Concept ##
for_loops is a commonly used loop structure in programme to execute a piece of code repeatly. It implements repeated execution by initializing a variable, checking the loop condition, and updating the loop variable.
## Question Description ##
By writing a computer footscript, plus from 1, 2, 3... until to 100 is a problem that can be easily solved by using the for loop, and the code implemented by c language is given below¡£
```
#include<stdio.h>
int main()
{
	int i, sum = 0;
	for(i = 1;i <= 100;i++)
		sum += i;
	printf("%d\n", sum);
}
```
## Code Dismantle ##
- ### Pre-process ###
  - Pre-process is required before operation.
  - `#include<stdio.h>`is used to provide required standard library, and `stdio.h`is standard import and export head file, including `printf`function which belongs to `main` function.
- ### Procedural Subject ###
  - The procedure generally begins with ``main``function. The function subject is included by ``{}``.
  - First, initialize requireed variable data. ``i``refers to ``1£¬2£¬3£¬...£¬100``¡£``sum``refers to calculation results. ``int``refers that the subject is limited to be an integral.
  - Second: ``i`` before the first colon in `for`loops, `i=1`, refers that the loops begins with 1. Then check if `i` is less than or equals to `100`.
    - If i is less than or equals to `100`, the loops will begin, namely `sum+=i`;
      - Execute`i++`, it means that `i` increase by `1` by itself.
      - Execute the next loops. Check if current `i` is less than or equals to `100`. Perform the loops and stop it until `i= `101`.
    - Confirm that `i` is larger than or equals to `100`. If not, stop the loops.
  - Print the calculation via `printf` function.
- ### Statement Comment ###
- ``int i, sum =0 ;`` refers to initialize `i` and `sum` is an integral 0;
- ``i++;`` equals to `i = i+1;`, `=` refers to assignment symbol instead of equal design, namely give current i+1 to new i.
- ``sum+=i;`` equals to `sum = sum + i`; namely give current `sum` and current `i` to new sum.
- ``printf("%d\n",sum);`` is a standard export library function, and is defined in the head file `stdio.h`.